c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\bin\Release\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\bin\Release\ServiceDefinition.csdef
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\WCFServiceWebRole1.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\packages.config
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\Service1.svc
c:\users\istvanmarki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CloudSOAP\CloudSOAP\obj\Release\WCFServiceWebRole1\Web.config
